DX-193, DX-216 - updated info and CMS-handling sections (#11)
shopware/admin-api-reference: docs/guides/quick-start/06-cms-handling.md

---
stoplight-id: s92t5mvj387wz
---

# CMS

> CMS system is referred to as "Shopping Experiences" built upon pages which can be reused and dynamically hydrated based on their assignments to categories or other entities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shopware's built-in CMS system is referred to as "Shopping Experiences". It is built upon layouts which can be reused and dynamically hydrated based on their assignments to categories or other entities.
```

> Using CMS REST API, you can perform CRUD operations on section, slot, block and page templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the CMS REST API, you can perform CRUD operations on sections, slots, blocks and page templates.
```
